You’ve been hired as a data visualization developer at Yahoo Finance! Your job is to help financial analysts by creating some of the visualizations for a stock profile of Netflix.

In finance, a stock profile is a series of studies, visualizations, and analyses that dive into different aspects a publicly traded company’s data.

During this project, you will analyze, prepare, and plot data. Your visualizations will help the financial analysts asses the risk of the Netflix stock.

After you complete your visualizations, you’ll be creating a presentation to share the images with the rest of the Netflix Stock Profile team.

WORKING ON YOUR COMPUTER
If you’ve never used the command line, we recommend taking the Learn the Command Line course.
Install Python by following the directions in this article on Installing Python 3 for Data Analysis.
Learn about Jupyter Notebooks, a cool way of combining Python code with explanations or instruction in a web terminal.
TASK 1: PULLING AND ANALYZING DATA
Download Netflix Stocks Capstone.zip
Double-click on it to “unzip” the folder. It should contain three items:
NFLX.csv, DJI.csv, netflix-visualizations.ipynb
In the command line, navigate into the Netflix Stocks Capstone directory
Type the following into the command line:
    jupyter notebook
This should open a browser tab.

Click on netflix-visualizations.ipynb in the browser tab. This will open up your Jupyter Notebook.
Follow the steps in the Jupyter Notebook. It will help you do your analysis.
TASK 2: EXPORT DATA VISUALIZATIONS
In the file netflix-visualizations.ipynb, there are instructions for the different visualizations needed in the stock profile. Read and complete each instruction so that you can export your files as a visualization.

TASK 3: CREATE A SLIDE DECK
Create a slide deck using Google Drive , Microsoft Powerpoint, or some other presentation software. Your presentation should include the following:

A title slide
A list of your visualizations and your role in their creation for the “Stock Profile” team
A visualization of the distribution of the stock prices for Netflix in 2017
A visualization and a summary of Netflix stock and revenue for the past four quarters and a summary
A visualization and a brief summary of their earned versus actual earnings per share
A visualization of Netflix stock against the Dow Jones stock (to get a sense of the market) in 2017
If you like, you can also record a video of yourself giving the presentation and upload it to YouTube.

TASK 4: SUBMIT YOUR PROJECT
Review the project rubric to see what makes a good project.
Save your presentation as a PDF using save as.
Save your Jupyter notebook as a “.py” file using File > Download as > Python (.py)
If you created a video, create a file called video.txt with a link to the video
Upload your materials to the Codecademy forums. More details on how to do this can be found at the end of the path.
